<style>input[type='checkbox'][readonly]{pointer-events: none;}</style>

# 2025-01-30 | First Meeting! 🎉

### Atendees
| Person | Present? |
| --- | --- |
| Ahmad | ✅ |
| Reuben | ✅ |
|Sabrina|  ✅|
|Saumya| ✅ |

| Person | Present? |
| --- | --- |
| Checked | ✅ |
| Unchecked | ❌ |



### Agenda
- [x] setting everyone up on github
- [x]  going over the deliverables for our first assignment
  
  <br>

-  We are never being this late for work ever again 
-  48 hour pre-deadline for our work

#### Milestone 1
- [x] A set of CRC cards (using the template on Moodle OR using actual index cards and
scanning them in for purposes of submission) for the project.
- [ ] A collection of Scenarios or use cases that describe the application from the perspective
of a user of your software (UX – user experience).
- [ ] A set of sequence diagrams that capture the communications between the objects of your
model, using the scenarios you came up with for the second deliverable.
- [ ] A Design Document detailing your decisions, including the iterative process you went
through in your decision-making process. This includes describing WHY you did things,
not WHAT you did. Also, note decisions about components you are postponing and
justify why including such components might be premature. Do not submit minutes of
your group meetings as part of the design document. 

## Meeting Minutes 
- we discussed planning going forward, how we will delegate and use meeting time
- also gave ourselves a pre-deadline deadline (Sunday 2nd @12pm)
- completed first draft of CRC cards
- Decided, Friday will delegate tasks further

